in this in the next few videos I wanted
to tell you about a machine learning
application example or a machine
learning application case study centered
around an application called photo OCR
there are three reasons why I want to do
this first I wanted to show you an
example of how a complex machine
learning system to be pulled together
second let's talk about the concept of a
machine learning pipeline and how to
allocate resources when you try to
decide what to do next and this can be
either in the context of you working by
yourself on the big application or it
can be in the context of a team of
developers trying to build a complex
application together and third and
finally the photo OCR problem also gives
me an excuse to tell you about just a
couple more interesting ideas for
machine learning one is some apps some
ideas on how to apply machine learning
to computer vision problems and second
is the idea of artificial data synthesis
which we'll see in a couple videos so
let's start by talking about what is the
photo OCR problem
photo OCR stands for photo optical
character recognition with a group of
digital photography and more recently
the growth of cameras in our cell phones
we now have tons of digital pictures
that we take all over the place and one
of the things that has interested many
developers is how to get our computers
to understand the content of these
pictures a little bit better the photo
OCR problem focuses on how to get
computers to meet the text that appears
in images that we take given an image
like this it might be nice if the
computer can read the text in this image
so that if you're trying to look for
this picture again you could type in the
words you're Lulu bees and Teemo and
have it automatically pull up this
picture so that you're not spending lots
of time digging through your photo
collection of maybe hundreds or
thousands of pictures and all the
finder's so the photo will see our
problem does exactly this and it does so
in several steps for us given the
picture it has to look through the image
and detect where is their text in the
picture and after it has done that or if
it successfully does that it then has to
look at these
texts medians and actually meet the text
in those regions and hopefully it
release it correctly or come up with
these transcriptions of when this
detects that appears in the image
whereas OCR or optical character
recognition of scanned documents there's
a relatively easier problem doing OCR
from photographs today is still
considered a very difficult machine
learning problem and if you can do this
not only can this help our computers to
understand the content about outdoor
images whether there are also
applications like helping blind people
or for example if you could provide to a
blind person a camera they can look at
what's in front of them and just tell
them whether the words that may be on
the street sign in front of them and
there are also researchers today working
on photo OCR to help with car navigation
systems for example if magic if your car
could meet the street signs and help you
navigate to your destination in order to
perform photo OCR here's what we can do
first when go through the image and find
the regions where there's text in the
image so so here is one example of text
in the image that the photo OCR system
may find second given the rectangle
around that text region we can then do
character segmentation where we might
take this text box that says do antique
mall and try to segment it out into the
locations of the individual characters
and finally having segmented out into
individual characters we can then run a
classifier which looks at the images of
the individual characters and tries to
figure out that the first characters in
a the second characters an end the third
character as a t and so on so that up by
doing all that hopefully you can then
figure out that this phrase is Lulu B's
antique mall and similarly for some of
the other words that appear in that
image I should say that there's some
photo OCR systems that do even more
complex things like a bit of spelling
correction at the end so if for example
your character segmentation and
character classification system tells
you that the season worth c1
a-and I energy then you know a so the
spelling correction system might tell
you that this is probably the word
cleaning and your character
classification algorithm had just
mistaken the one for the L for one but
for the purpose of what we want to do in
this video let's ignore this last step
and just focus on the system that does
these three steps of text attention
interactive segmentation and parenting
classification a system like this is
what we call a machine learning pipeline
in particular here's a picture showing
the photo OCR pipeline we have an image
which is then fed to the text detection
system and having detected the text
regions we didn't segment out the
characters the individual characters in
the text then finally we recognize the
individual characters in many complex
machine learning systems these sorts of
pipelines are common where you can have
multiple modules in this example the
text affection character segmentation
character recognition modules each of
which may be a machine learning
component or sometimes it may not be a
machine learning component but to have a
set of modules that act one after
another on some piece of data in order
to produce the output you want which in
the photo OCR example is the final
transcription of the text appeared in
the image if you're designing a machine
learning system one of the most
important decisions will often be
exactly what is the pipeline that you
want to put together in other words
given the photo OCR problem how do you
break this problem down into a sequence
of different modules and you designed
that the pipeline and the performance of
each of the modules in your pipeline
will often have a big impact on define
the performance of your overall
algorithm if you have a team of
engineers working on the problem like
this is also very common to have
different individuals work on different
modules so I could easily imagine text
detection easily being the toss of
anywhere from one to five engineers
character segmentation maybe
one two five engineers and character
recognition being another one two five
engineers and so having a pipeline like
this often offers a natural way to
divide up the workload amongst different
members of an engineering team as well
although of course all of this work
could also be done by just one person if
that's how you want to do it
in complex machine learning systems the
idea of a pipeline of a machine learning
pipeline is pretty pervasive and what
you just saw is a specific example of
how a photo OCR pipeline might work in
the next few videos they'll tell you a
little bit more about this pipeline and
we'll continue to use this as an example
to illustrate I think a few more key
concepts of machine learning